feat: update version to 0.15 (#25)
appwrite/sdk-for-cli: README.md

0.15.0
```

## Getting Started 

Before you can use the CLI, you need to login to your Appwrite account. 

```sh
$ appwrite login

? Enter your email test@test.com
? Enter your password ********
✓ Success 
```

> This will also prompt you to enter your Appwrite endpoint ( default: http://localhost/v1 ) 

Reviewer: Does it? Maybe just for first time, so I didn't see it after.

```sh
$ appwrite init project
```

The following prompt will guide you through the setup process. The `init` command also creates an `appwrite.json` file representing your Appwrite project.

The `appwrite.json` file does a lot of things. 
* Provides context to the CLI
* Keeps track of all your cloud functions
* Keeps track of all your project's collections
* Helps you deploy your Appwrite project to production and more..

You can also fetch all the collections in your current project using
```sh
appwrite init collection
```

The CLI also comes with a convenient `--all` flag to perform both these steps at once.

```sh
appwrite init --all
```

* ### Creating and deploying cloud functions

The CLI makes it extremely easy to create and deploy Appwrite's cloud functions. Initialise your new function using

```
$ appwrite init function
? What would you like to name your function? My Awesome Function
? What runtime would you like to use? Node.js (node-15.5)
✓ Success 
```

This will create a new function `My Awesome Function` in your current Appwrite project and also create a template function for you to get started.

```sh

> $ tree My\ Awesome\ Function 

Reviewer: Dont think if its true. It is in `functions` folder IIRC

My Awesome Function
├── README.md
├── index.js
├── package-lock.json
└── package.json

0 directories, 4 files
```

You can now deploy this function using 

```sh
$ appwrite deploy function

? Which functions would you like to deploy? My Awesome Function (61d1a4c81dfcd95bc834)
ℹ Info Deploying function My Awesome Function ( 61d1a4c81dfcd95bc834 )

> ? Enter the entrypoint command node index.js

Author: okay 👍

✓ Success Deployed My Awesome Function ( 61d1a4c81dfcd95bc834 )
```

> Your function is now ready to be executed on your Appwrite server!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your function has now been deployed on your Appwrite server! As soon as the build process is finished, you can start executing the function.
```
